---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 1
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t1.html
---
# Team Project 1: Project Research and Pitch

Due Thursday, October 2 at 1:59pm

The goal of this assignment is to conduct formative research for your project, and to create a brief project pitch presentation.

## Expected time
The formative research will probably take about 10 hours to complete. Preparing and practicing the slides will take about 1 hour.

## What to do
1. You will conduct formative research with potential users of your system. Your group will use at least two types of research methods (e.g., interviews, work observation, contextual inquiry, ethnography, web questionnaire, diary study). You may use other methods that we did not cover in class also -- if in doubt, ask. Your formative research should involve at least 4 target users (not people in this class). 

	If you would like advice on your recruitment strategy, choice of methods, research protocol, etc., please ask the instructor or TAs or post a message to Piazza.

2. You will prepare a written report on the user research that you conducted. This report should be somewhere between 2 and 4 pages (not including images/figures) and should include the following sections.

	- Title and authors.
	- Introduction. Briefly describe your project (you can use your project pitch).
	- Target users. Identify which target users you chose for this assignment. What were your inclusion and exclusion criteria?
	- Research methods. Describe the two methods you chose and why. Include how you captured the data (taking notes, etc.) and how you analyzed the data.
	- Findings from Method 1. What did you find in your research? Create a list of high level findings. These can be written in prose or as bullet points.
	- Findings from Method 2. What did you find in your research? Create a list of high level findings. These can be written in prose or as bullet points.
	- Conclusion. What did you learn from this activity? Did anything surprise you? Did you encounter any challenges applying the research methods? Will you do anything differently for the next step?
	- Participation summary. In one paragraph, describe how each team member contributed to this assignment.

3. You will prepare a 5 minute (or less) presentation summarizing your project direction, the research you conducted, and your findings. This will be presented in class on 10/2.

## What to turn in
You will upload your research report to your project blog, and add your presentation to the [shared presentation slides](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/presentation/d/1jN7pZrLAB5Z5TxiyOsAf2K1sEQKkkddNn5v4ePDlWgo/edit?usp=sharing). You will present your presentation in class on 10/2.

## Grading Guidelines
- A: Research plan is clearly written and addresses the above questions.
- B: Research plan is mostly complete, but is missing some details.
- C or lower: Significant content missing, assignment not turned in on time.