---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 5
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t5.html
---
# Team Project 5: Mid-Fidelity Prototype

Due Tuesday, November 18 at 1:59pm

In this assignment, you will gather feedback from your user testing and will update your low-fidelity prototype into a mid-fidelity prototype.

## Expected time
This assignment will take between 6 and 10 hours to complete. 

## What to do
You will create a revised prototype, incorporating feedback from your first round of user testing (and from peer and TA/instructor feedback). In the [previous assignment](t4.html), you came up with a list of changes for your prototype.

For this round, you will convert your paper prototype to a mid-fidelity clickable prototype. You should probably use [Axure](http://www.axure.com/) for this, since we tested it in class, and it enables you to publish cross-platform prototypes. If you wish to use another tool, please ask us first. Based on your feedback from your prior user studies, you will create *one* prototype during this round. Your prototype should support all of the main tasks of your application &ndash; you may need to fill in some details beyond your prior prototype (even if you did not test these in the prior prototype).

In addition to your prototype, you should submit a brief (1-2 page) summary of what you did for this assignment. It should include: 

- a list of changes you made since the last prototype
- a summary of any challenges you encountered during the prototyping process
- any planned changes to the testing protocol [for T6](t6.html)
- a list of who contributed what to this assignment

## What to turn in
Post your summary document and a link to your interactive prototype to your project blog.

## Grading Guidelines

 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Mid-fidelity prototype is functional and runs on instructor/TA devices | 3 | 
 | Mid-fidelity covers common application tasks | 2 | 
 | Mid-fidelity prototype includes usability improvements gathered from previous user study | 2 | 
 | Summary report describes changes made since last prototype | 2 | 
 | Contribution report | 1 | 
 | **Total** | **10** | 