---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 6
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t6.html
---
# Team Project 6: User Testing II

Due Thursday, December 4 at 1:59pm

In this assignment, you will test your mid-fidelity prototype with 3 users. You will collect feedback from users and write a report documenting the usability feedback you received.

## Expected time
Conducting the user studies will take 4-6 hours. Writing up the report will take an additional 2-4 hours.

## What to do
1. Conduct a user test with your mid-fidelity prototype. You should test your prototype with at least 3 users; at least 2 of them should not have tested the prototype in T4. You will probably want to make some changes to your testing protocol (tasks, questions, etc.) based on changes in your prototype.
2. Write a report documenting your user test. This report should include the following information.

	- Title of your project and team members
	- Executive summary (1 paragraph) summarizing how your studies went and what you learned.
	- Description of the testing protocol (2-4 paragraphs), including any changes you made from the previous tests.
	- Usability problems (no limit). Document each of the usability problems that came up during your test. You may use [Shaun's UAR template](../files/uar.docx) or modify it for your own uses.
	- Subjective feedback from users (no limit). Present any questionnaires they filled out and relevant quotes from their feedback.
	- List of proposed design changes (2 pages max). Based on your testing results and user feedback; provide a list of concrete changes that your group will make to your prototype to address the high level issues.
	- Contribution report (1 paragraph) describing what each member contributed to the project.
	
3. Executive summary slide. Create a single slide presenting a summary of your study, usability problems discovered, and your planned user interface changes. Post your slide to the [shared slide show](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10EpJK5qGClNhRukqxYxfMLpNebZC1D0bb9KYQelQEm4/edit?usp=sharing)

## What to turn in
You will post your research report on your project blog. You will post your executive summary slide on the [shared slide show](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10EpJK5qGClNhRukqxYxfMLpNebZC1D0bb9KYQelQEm4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Grading Guidelines

 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Executive summary describes what you did and what you learned | 2 | 
 | Testing protocol is clearly described | 2 | 
 | Usability problems and user feedback are clearly documented | 4 | 
 | Usability test informed design changes; design changes are clearly connected to the usability problems you observed  | 3 | 
 | Document is clearly written | 2 | 
 | Summary slide concisely describes your work and what you learned | 2 |
 | Contribution report explains what everyone did | 1 | 
 | **Total** | **16** | 
