---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 0
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t0.html
---
# Team Project 0: Blog and Collaboration Plan

Due Thursday, September 18 at 1:59pm

The goal of this assignment is to create a blog for sharing your project deliverables, and to create a draft collaboration plan for working with your teammates.

## Expected time
This assignment should take between 1 and 2 hours to complete.

## What to do

You will create a blog or web site for your project. This page will be used as a point of reference for your project, and will host your team project assignments. You can use any site that you prefer for this; one suggestion is free hosting at [Wordpress.com](http://wordpress.com). You should choose a format that makes it easy to see your recent updates.

Your blog should feature one post with your *collaboration plan*. Your collaboration plan must include the following:

- **Your team and/or project name** (pick something memorable)
- **List of members' names and contact info.** One team member should be designated as the primary contact. This person is not necessarily the project leader, but will be responsible for managing communication between the team and the class.
- **Project pitch.** You may use the original project pitch, but should update it in response to feedback you've received and decisions that you've made. You can make any changes that you'd like (1-3 paragraphs)
- **Management/communication plan.** Indicate how your team will collaborate on this project. Will you meet in person? If so, when and where? How will you manage and share electronic files?  (1-3 paragraphs)
- **Competitive analysis.** What similar projects exist? You may have received some suggestions based on your project pitch, but your team should do some basic investigation as well. You should look at both commercial products (via web search) as well as research projects (via the [ACM Digital Library](http://portal.acm.org/dl.cfm)). You should plan on finding at least 5 related projects.
- **Research questions.** Come up with 10 research questions that you would like to ask potential users. In the next assignment, you will collect some data from real users based on these questions. You won't need to answer all of the research questions you list here, but coming up with 10 will help you generate ideas. 
- **Research plan.** How will you answer your research questions? How will you find potential users? Sketch out some ideas here about you can recruit research participants and learn about them. (1-2 paragraphs)
- **Participation summary.** Which team members did what work on this assignment? (1 paragraph)


## What to turn in
A link to your project blog via Piazza. Post your project plan on your blog.

## Grading Guidelines
- A: Collaboration plan is clearly written and addresses the above questions.
- B: Collaboration plan is mostly complete, but is missing some details.
- C or lower: Significant content missing, assignment not turned in on time.