---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 2
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t2.html
---
# Team Project 2: Project Sketches

Due Sunday, October 19 at 12pm

In this assignment, you will develop sketches of a possible user interface for your project, along with personas and scenarios.

## Expected time
The sketches will probably take 5-6 hours total to complete. Drawing on your prior research, your personas and scenarios should be faster and should take about 2-3 hours to complete total.

## What to do
You will create the following documents to guide your forthcoming design steps.

1. **Personas.** Create 3-5 personas describing potential users of the system. The personas should capture the variety of users that you will be designing for. The personas should contain the following information at least: a name, a picture, a biographical description (1-2 paragraphs), and other characteristics that are relevant to your design. Indicate where your personas connect to your prior research (T1 or other assignments).

1. **Scenarios.** Create 3-5 scenarios documenting how your future application will be used. They should represent the variety of use scenarios how you imagine your system being used in the real world. The scenario should describe the environment in which the app is used, the user's goal, what steps they take to achieve the goal (using your future application), and the outcome. Your scenario may include pictures but they are not required. These scenarios will guide your design.

1. **User interface sketches A and B.** You will sketch out a potential user interface for your project. More precisely, you will create two different user interfaces to test out -- these should represent some design decision that your team is wrestling with, for example, multiple ways to enter data into your application, or different user interface. These should represent different approaches to organizing your app and how users interact with it, rather than simply focusing on the visual design.

	For this assignment, you should submit **2 user interface sketches, A and B, representing these different approaches.** For this stage, you do not need to create a complete paper prototype, but should sketch out the main layout of the application and the important "screens". For example, a weight logging app should not just include the main menu, but should also include the weight logging screen, since that function is critical to the design. [**Here is an example of a sketch for a doggie play date app that shows off the main functionality through 3 tasks (editing a profile, searching for friends, and setting dates).**](../files/doggie.png). If you want to submit complete paper prototypes, feel free to do so, and this will give you a leg up on the next assignment.
	
	Each sketch should be 1-2 pages and should be clear and easy to read -- you won't be graded on artistic quality, but your sketch should be easy to read (carefully written and drawn on clean paper, no erasing or other junk in your sketch). Include any notes that you think are necessary to explain your design. Since you will probably not be submitting your very first sketch, it would be great if you included scans of your early scans to show progress.
	
	You can scan your sketches using [public scanners at CU](http://www.colorado.edu/oit/services/teaching-learning-spaces/student-printing-and-scanning/printer-scanner-locations) or using smartphone apps; but make sure that your scan is legible.
	
	Recommended scanner apps:
	[Genius Scan for iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/genius-scan-pdf-scanner/id377672876?mt=8), [CamScanner for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.intsig.camscanner&hl=en)

1. **Works cited.** A list of any third-party materials you used in your project (such as images).

1. **Contribution summary.** Describe what contribution each group member made to the final project.

## What to turn in
Upload your personas, scenarios, and scans of your sketches to your project blog.

## Grading Guidelines

<br>

 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Personas are interesting and well-written, and describe a  diverse and representative user group | 4 | 
 | Scenarios are clear and demonstrate possible uses of the project in context | 4 | 
 | Personas and scenarios connect back to your formative research (T1) | 2 | 
  | Sketch A | 4 | 
   | Sketch B | 4 | 
 | Works cited and contribution summary | 2 | 
 | **Total** | **20** | 
 
 <br>
 