---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 3
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t3.html
---
# Team Project 3: Paper Prototype and User Testing Plan

Due Thursday, October 30 at 1:59pm

In this assignment, you will develop two parallel paper prototypes for your project. You will also develop a user testing plan.

## Expected time
The iterative development of robust paper prototypes should take 2-3 hours to complete. The user testing plan and materials should take 2-4 hours to develop. The report should take an additional 1-2 hours to complete.

## What to do
You will prepare several items to help run tests of your paper prototype:

- **Paper prototypes.** You will create **2 complete paper prototypes (A and B)**. These do not need to be completely different prototypes, but should explore two variations of how to solve the problems of your prototype. I discussed these variations in class with groups, but please check with me or the TAs if you have questions. These prototypes should be complete enough to test (using the testing plan you will also create). You do not need to turn in your actual paper prototypes, but you should capture and upload photos of each of the screens or steps of your user interface.
- **Task list.** You will come up with a list of **4-5 concrete tasks** that your study participants will perform. You should have started these in class, but you will probably want to refine them. These should be written clearly enough that a test user will be able to understand what they should do.
- **Testing script.** You will conduct a user study with at least 3 representative users (not students in this class). This will be a "within subjects" study -- thus, each participant will test both prototypes A and B. You can include testers from your previous formative research. You should write a script that includes what you will say to your participants in the introduction, the instructions for performing the tasks, and the questions you will ask participants at the end of the test. Include estimated time for each section (you should test it first to make sure this is accurate)
- **Testing schedule.** You should document: 1) how will you recruit people for your user study? 2) who will you recruit? 3) when will you schedule user studies? (make a schedule with availability from each team member) and 4) when and how will you analyze and discuss your findings?. Each prototype test should involve at least 2 team members (one to run the paper prototype and one to facilitate/take notes)
- **Contribution report.** Describe how each member of the team contributed to this assignment.

## What to turn in
You will post the above materials to your group project page. Please make sure that these items are easy for your graders and peer reviewers to find.

## Grading Guidelines
<br>

 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Paper prototypes are clear and well described | 2 | 
 | Paper prototypes A and B present some different approach to your problem | 2 | 
 | Task lists are understandable | 4 | 
 | Testing script is thorough, contains enough information for someone to run the test without trouble | 4 | 
 | Testing schedule contains all the requested information | 4 | 
 | Contribution report | 2 | 
 | **Total** | **18** | 
 
 <br>
 