---
title: CSCI 5839 - Team Project 8
layout: default
highlight: project
root: ../
permalink: project/t8.html
---
# Team Project 8: Project Video and Final Report

Due Tuesday, December 9 at 1:59pm

In this assignment, you will create a final video documenting your project. You will also create a final report with "lessons learned" during your project.

## Expected time
This will probably take between 6 and 10 hours to complete. 

## What to do
1. Project video. You will convert your storyboard to a video with real images (photographs, screenshots, or video clips) and narration. See [the T7 description](t7.html) for details about the video format.

2. Final report. You will submit a brief report (1-3 pages) documenting your final thoughts on the group project. It should contain the following items.

	- Project title and team members
	- **Summary.** 1-2 paragraph summary of the final version of the project (similar to the project pitches we created at the start of the project)
	- **Major changes.** What changes did you make during the design process over the course of the semester? How did your final project differ from the original idea for the project?
	- **Next Steps.** List of next steps for your project. What design changes would you make if you had more time for the project? You can list these changes or actually make changees to the prototype itself.
	- **Lessons Learned.** What did your team learn during the process? You can put anything that you'd like in this section, but you may want to include what you learned about your users, what you learned about the domain, what you learned about the design process, or what was especially easy or difficult.
	- **Contribution summary.** Which team members contributed what to this assignment (report and video)?

## What to turn in
You will upload your video to YouTube. Post the final report to your team blog.

## Grading Guidelines

 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Video clearly represents the motivation and use of your project | 4 | 
 | Video is well paced and easy to understand | 2 | 
 | Final report contains required content | 4 | 
 | Final report is well written and easy to undersrand | 2 | 
 | **Total** | **12** | 