---
title: CSCI 5839 - Assignment 0
layout: default
highlight: assignments
root: ../
permalink: assignments/a0.html
---
# Assignment 0: Introduction Slides 

Due Thursday, August 28 at 1:59pm

The goal of this assignment is to introduce yourself to the rest of the class, to spend a small amount of time thinking about how you might contribute to this class, and to think about designed objects in the world around you.

## Expected time
This assignment should take between 10 and 20 minutes to complete.

## What to do
1. Open up the [shared Google Slideshow](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/presentation/d/1X85N2mFcLvYeyjqbctpMrqz1cXwLt0sYnO06juvk-Pk/edit?usp=sharing) (you will need to log in using your CU credentials)
2. Copy the 2 introductory slides (slides 2 and 3), and paste them at the end of the slideshow. Don't change anyone else's slides!
3. Fill in the 2 slides with information about yourself, a designed object that you love, and a designed object that you dislike. The designed objects do not need to be computer-related, but should be something designed by human beings (e.g., not a tree). Feel free to customize your slides to look however you want them to.
4. If you use any third party images in your slides, you must include the source and URL for the image in the Notes section below the slide.
5. In class on Thursday, you will present your slides. **You will have 60 seconds to present your slides;** after 60 seconds, we will move onto the next presenter. I recommend practicing what you will say to make sure that it fits in the allotted time frame.

## What to turn in
Add your slides to the shared slideshow. I also encourage you to save a backup in case someone accidentally edits your slides.

## Grading Guidelines
- A: All requested is added to the slides, liked/disliked objects are interesting and you clearly describe why you like or dislike them, presentation is delivered on time
- B: Some information is missing, liked/disliked objects are not well described, presentation timing is poor
- C, D, F: Significant content missing, assignment not turned in on time