---
title: CSCI 5839 - Assignment 1
layout: default
highlight: assignments
root: ../
permalink: assignments/a1.html
---
# Assignment 1: Projct Pitches 

Due Wednesday, September 3 at 11:59pm

The goal of this assignment is to encourage you to try out different types of brainstorming techniques, and to develop ideas for a potential group project. This project should take about 1-2 hours of "active work", but you will probably need more time to think through everything.

This is an individual assignment, since everyone will complete it on their own, but will lead into the group [term project](../project.html).

## Estimated time
This assignment should take approximately 2 hours.

## The group project
During the semester, you will work with 3 other students on a design project. During this project, you will conduct formative research, sketch out ideas, build low-fidelity (paper) prototypes of your solution, test them with users, build medium-fidelity interactive prototypes, and test those. Your final deliverables will be a refined, interactive prototype and a video demonstrating use of your system. We will not implement a final system in this class, but instead focus on developing an interactive prototype that focuses on how the user interacts with the system.

Your ideas for the project should involve designing a novel interactive software system (desktop, mobile, or other). Ideally, it will be a project that solves a real problem for someone, and it would be even better if your project addressed an area that you are passionate about. 

Your project ideas may rely upon some of the "cool tools" we have in the department: mobile devices, tablets, [large interactive displays](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perceptive_Pixel), 3D printers, smart watches, or Google Glass. If your group ends up developing one of these projects, you will work with the TAs to access this equipment. For now, focus on coming up with ideas that you are excited about.

Although you will not be required to fully implement the prototype, you should at least pick projects that are technically feasible: i.e., no mind reading technology or holograms. The focus of this project will be on the design of the user interface and user interactions, and so your prototype should explore how to better design and structure the user interface to meet users' needs.

Your project ideas will be rated by your peers using the following criteria:

1. Feasible. Must be able to be prototyped and tested in 15 weeks by a group of four students.
2. Clear target group of users. The project idea should target a specific group of users. This can be general (kids, older adults, artists) or more specific (kids in math classrooms, sculptors). Designing for "everyone" often results in a bland design, so we will focus this stage of brainstorming on identifying specific populations to work with.
3. Testable. The ideas you present should be able to be tested with "real users" via a simple interactive prototype (think a PowerPoint or web page). Your user population should be one that you might have reasonable access to -- say, hikers in Boulder rather than monks in Tibet.
4. Interesting/fun/original. You have the opportunity to explore project ideas that interest you. Try to come up with some ideas that are original, different, and make people's lives better.

## Brainstorming
The goal of this particular assignment is to come up with at least 10 "bad" ideas for projects and to pick 2 "better" ideas to pitch to the class. For the next assignment, everyone will vote for their favorite projects and we will choose design teams based on these votes.


## What to do
1. First, brainstorm at least ten ideas for projects (and no more than 50). These should all be different from one another. Write them down in a list -- each can be a few sentences, with an optional drawing. These should be quite brief, e.g., "social network for dog owners", "phone app for learning about wildlife in my neighborhood". You may wish to use one or more of the brainstorming techniques we discussed in class.

2. Pick 2 of the ideas and write a (~1 paragraph) "elevator pitch" for each of them. This pitch will be used to select which projects go forward, and will be voted on by students. Your pitch should: describe the population you are working with and the problem you are trying to solve, briefly describe your proposed solution and what makes it unique, who will benefit from this solution, and say (briefly) how you will evaluate this solution. You should also do some web searching and see if this problem has been solved before -- if so, you should explain how your solution is different.

Here is an example, ~220 word "elevator pitch" for a project on water sensing and feedback to encourage water conservation in the home (borrowed with permission from [Jon Froehlich's CMSC 434 course](http://cmsc434-f13.wikispaces.com/IA02+Project+Pitch))


**Empowering Home Owners to Use Less Water through Better Information**

Cities across the world are facing an escalating demand for potable water due to growing populations, higher population densities and warmer climates. As new sources of water become more environmentally and economically costly to extract, water suppliers and governments are shifting their focus from finding new supplies to using existing supplies more efficiently . One challenge in improving residential efficiency, however, is the lack of awareness that occupants have about their in-home water consumption habits. This disconnect makes it difficult, even for motivated individuals, to make informed decisions about what steps can be taken to conserve . In this project, we propose a new type of feedback mechanism for residential water consumption that leverages emerging sensors that monitor water usage at individual fixtures with only one or a few low-cost sensors. Unlike past water usage feedback systems which only provide one number per month on consumption (e.g., a water bill), our system provides real-time feedback on all water fixture usages across the home via a live HTML5 website that can be viewed on mobile phones or traditional web browsers. Our system promises to help better inform residents about wasteful water usage practices (e.g., leaky toilets) as well as to help inform new government codes about plumbing, water heating and low-flow fixtures. We will use a user-centered design process throughout the project beginning with contextual inquiry and lo-fidelity user-testing and ending with in-home behavioral deployments (though the in-home behavioral deployments are beyond the scope of this semester).

## What to turn in
Include the list of brainstorm items and your 2 elevator pitches in a Word document, plain text file, or scanned PDF; email these to [the instructor](mailto:shaun.kane@colorado.edu) by 11:59PM on Wednesday 9/3.

## Grading criteria
- A: Project ideas are creative and diverse; elevator pitch is well written and clearly describes the idea
- B: Project ideas are not very original; elevator pitch does not clearly describe the idea
- C,D,F: Assignment is late or missing important information

## References
This assignment was inspired by [Jon Froehlich's "project pitch" assignment from CMSC 434](http://cmsc434-f13.wikispaces.com/IA02+Project+Pitch).