---
title: CSCI 5839 - Assignment 2
layout: default
highlight: assignments
root: ../
permalink: assignments/a2.html
---
# Assignment 2: Project Ratings

Due Tuesday, September 9 at 1:59pm

In the [previous assignment](a1.html), you created "elevator pitches" for possible term projects. Based on these pitches, we have chosen a subset of pitches that could be good candidates for the term project. To be more specific, we chose the projects that seemed the most feasible, and combined similar pitches.

You can find the list of possible projects [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4lN02ZFPIyH4XZWkxA2Ph2jVQ7t4kZUFr8_jMTDaa4/edit?usp=sharing)

In this assignment, you will provide peer feedback on 4 of the submitted projects. You can also express your interest in working on more assignments (or indicate that you really would not like to work on a specific project). Due to the size and structure of this class, the teaching team will assign project groups.

## Estimated time
This assignment should take between 10 and 20 minutes to complete.

## What to do
1. You can view the list of accepted proposals at the link above. Please skim through all of them to get a general sense of the assignment. Note that each proposal has a number to make reviewing simple.
2. You have been assigned 4 proposals to review. Here are your [assignments](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jGuqLwZOrBAxL83Ar7-guyMdNr7g58PyWS7LOQs31UQ/edit?usp=sharing). You should read through each of the proposals and fill out the [review form](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/forms/d/1xiZV-FOjvm_IZX_uYaYafgthMcfyoRrO7PAk3fOSMoM/viewform) for each of your assigned pitches. You can fill out reviews for additional pitches if you'd like; just fill out the form muliple times.
3. Fill out the [project preference form](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/forms/d/1qlzKNCuHSjYqUqV-2A3FSMJ4TkStumEsdSyAB1VFeYM/viewform) with your top 3 project choices. For this step, you can choose any projects as your favorite, even your own. You can also indicate additional projects that you are especially interested in, as well as projects that you are especially uninterested in. We will make our best effort to match students with their top projects.

## What to turn in
Submit your reviews using the review form.

## Grading Guidelines
- A: Reviews demonstrate that you read the proposals and provided some useful feedback.
- B: Reviews do not provide helpful or constructive feedback.
- C, D, F: Significant content missing, assignment not turned in on time.

## References
This assignment was inspired by [Jon Froehlich's "pitch vote" assignment from CMSC 434](http://cmsc434-f13.wikispaces.com/IA03+Pitch+Vote).