---
title: CSCI 5839 - Assignment 3
layout: default
highlight: assignments
root: ../
permalink: assignments/a3.html
---
# Assignment 3: Observation Notes

Due Tuesday, September 23 at 1:59pm

**This assignment should be completed with one other student.**

The goal of this assignment is to gain experience conducting observations in public spaces and taking good field notes. You will go to a public place, observe technology use for at least one hour, and write a brief report about what you saw.

## What to do
You will observe some type of technology use in a public place, for at least 1 hour (although it does not need to be in one session). Specifically, you should go somewhere that people either interact with their own technology (e.g., a cafe where people use laptops or mobile devices), or where people use a specific type of technology (e.g., a ticket machine at the transit center).

You should find a location where you can sit and observe without distracting others or infringing upon their privacy. Some possible locations include cafes, the library, public spaces on campus (e.g., the quad or engineering center), or a supermarket (provided there is somewhere to sit).

You should take notes about how people are using technology, for example: what devices are they carrying? Are they multitasking? Are they running into any specific problems when using their devices? You may wish to spend the first half hour looking for interesting patterns, and the second  half hour examining a single pattern more closely.

For this activity, you should not actively discuss what you see with the people you are observing – simply observe how people are using their devices. Also, you should not take any photographs of people during this observation, although you may wish to take photos of the space you observed (without identifying anyone), or you may wish to recreate a usage scenario that you observed, and photograph/video it.

Note that you may need more than 1 hour of observation. One hour is the minimum; however you may need more time to truly understand what is going on in your chosen location. If you have observed for more than 2 hours but feel lost, please talk to the teaching staff before spending more time.

Once you have collected your data, you will provide a brief (1-3 page) write-up of an interesting pattern (or patterns) that you observed during the observation session. For example, you might choose to look at the typse of devices that people use in that location, how they hold or use those devices, or how they share devices. Alternately, you might choose to document problems or challenges experienced when using technology in that space. Your goal for this assignment is not necessarily solve a problem (although you should be thinking about this as well), but to better understand how individuals are using technology in your chosen location.

You should include drawings/images/video as appropriate (but without photographing specific people in public, as noted above). You are highly encouraged to include such images. Images do not count toward your page count.

Your write-up should contain the following sections:

- Title and authors
- Introduction. Describe (in 1-2 paragraphs) what you did
- Location. Describe the location of your observation, including where you went, the typical crowd at that location, the time of day of your observation, etc.
- Findings. The main section of your write-up. You should discuss one type of interaction, or one pattern of interaction, in detail, rather than trying to capture everything you saw.
- Future work. What does this observation tell you about how people use technology? Write and/or sketch 2-4 ideas about ideas for technology to make a positive impact on users in the context you studied.
- Reflection. 1-2 paragraphs about what went well with the observation, any problems you encountered, and what you would do differently in the future

## Estimated time
You should spend between one and two hours on your observation. Writing your report will likely take two to three hours.

## What to turn in
Your report in PDF format, uploaded to the shared [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/a/colorado.edu/folderview?id=0B-vRV62_RpG2YUxUZ29FRUIxWVE&usp=sharing). Name the file with the last names of your project members.

You should also submit *one slide* that summarizes where you went and what you saw, upload this to the Google drive folder.

## Grading Guidelines
- A: Report is well written and documented with interesting image. One interaction pattern or problem is discussed.
- B: Writing is not clear or is confusing; document does not clearly identify a specific pattern of interaction.
- C, D, F: Significant content missing, assignment not turned in on time.