---
title: CSCI 5839 - Assignment 6
layout: default
highlight: assignments
root: ../
permalink: assignments/a6.html
---
# Assignment 6: Heuristic Evaluation

Due Thursday, December 11 at 1:59pm

**This assignment should be completed with one other student.**

The goal of this assignment is to gain experience conducting a heuristic evaluation on some piece of consumer technology.

## Estimated time
This assignment will take between 4 and 6 hours.

## What to do
1. Choose a consumer electronics device or an application to critique. You should focus on a device that performs specific functions, rather than a general computing device such as a computer or smartphone.
2. With your partner, conduct a heuristic evaluation using [Nielsen's heuristics](http://www.nngroup.com/articles/ten-usability-heuristics/). Take notes about which heuristics were passed, which were failed, and why.
3. After you have compiled the usability problems, write up each of the usability problems you identified in a **usability aspect report.** For each usability problem, you should include: a title, the evaluator who found it, steps to reproduce, an extended description, the heuristic violated, a picture, the severity (come up with your own scale), and at least one suggestion for reproducing. You should find at least 8 usability problems (or successes) via Nielsen's heuristics. You can use [Shaun's UAR template](../files/uar.docx) or modify it as necessary.
3. Come up with 3 new heuristics that could be used to evaluate the usability of *this specific kind of device or application*. Evaluate the device using these heuristics.
3. You should report at least 1 problem or success for each of these heuristics.
3. Write up a 1 page smumary report summarizing the high level usability problems with your device, and including your 3 new heuristics. Include your usability problem report as an appendix (no page limit)

## What to turn in
Upload your report to the [shared Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B-vRV62_RpG2TTBDbU1iLXJzNGc&usp=sharing).

## Grading Guidelines


 | Criterion | Points | 
 | ---------|------- | 
 | Single-page summary report presents a high level view of usability problems with the application or device | 3 | 
 | Usability aspect reports cover at least 8 usability problems using Nielsen's heuristics | 2 | 
 | Usability aspect reports correctly reference Nielsen's heuristics | 2 | 
 | Usability aspect reports include pictures | 2 | 
 | Three new heuristics that are specific to this application domain or device | 3 | 
 | At least one usability aspect report for each of your new heuristics. | 2 | 
 | Document is clearly written | 2 | 
 | UARs seem to cover most of the usability problems of the interface | 2 | 
 | **Total** | **18** | 

